they were talking about busy days around the week. she works in Weekdays from monday to friday. His weekend is only on saturday and tuesday is  day off. 
lets speak about him ,firstly:
In saturdays he do all boring stuff beacuase of on Sunday i like to enjoy .my boring things like running errands ,cleanning his house , doing laundry and go shopping.
Almost sundays he goes to the beach ,often goes hikking and goes to the park .It is his fun day around the week .
Monday he  work as a tacher in school. As well as watching football on tv on Modays
Tursday
Tuesday is a day off no one come to work .He relax at home or goes shopping .Ocasionally he prepare lessons for school , .Ocasiona goes to the park
on Fridays he meets his friends for adinner.
if hea has a free time he will spend on playing fustull for 2 hoursevery tuesday 
lets speak about her,secondly:
On Thursday she work as a teacher she wakes up from early on the morning untill around 6:00 pm .Her busiest day is Thursday.
On Sunday she goes to the curch and after that goes eating with her friends.She usally clean as well on sunday evening before the week starts.
On Monday .It is similar to Tursday as she wor til 6:00pm
if she have a free time she will spend on watching movies on tv or studies jappanese lessons and does he r homework


grammar check:
They were talking about busy days around the week. She works on weekdays from Monday to Friday. His weekend is only on Saturday, and Tuesday is a day off. 
Let's speak about him, firstly:
In saturdays he do all boring stuff beacuase of on Sunday i like to enjoy .my boring things like running errands, cleaning his house, doing laundry, and going shopping.
Almost Sundays he goes to the beach, often goes hiking, and goes to the park. It is his fun day around the week.
Monday he worked as a teacher in school. As well as watching football on TV on Mondays
Thursday
Tuesday is a day off; no one comes to work. He relaxes at home or goes shopping. Occasionally he prepares lessons for school. Occasionally, he goes to the park.
On Fridays he meets his friends for dinner.
If he has free time, he will spend it playing Fustull for 2 hours every Tuesday. 
Let's speak about her, secondly:
On Thursday, she works as a teacher. she wakes up from early on the morning untill around 6:00 pm .Her busiest day is Thursday.
On Sunday she goes to the church and after that goes eating with her friends. She usually cleans as well on Sunday evening before the week starts.
On Monday. It is similar to Thursday as she worked till 6:00 pm.
If she has free time, she will spend it watching movies on TV or studying Japanese lessons and doing her homework.

paraphrased
They were discussing hectic days throughout the week. Monday through Friday is her workday. Tuesday is a day off, and Saturday is the only day of his weekend. 
Let us begin by talking about him.
He does all the tedious stuff on Saturdays because I prefer to enjoy myself on Sundays.my ordinary activities, such as going shopping, cleaning his house, doing laundry, and doing errands.
Almost every Sunday, he goes to the beach, hikes, and goes to the park. It is his favorite day of the week.
He was employed as a teacher at the school on Monday. In addition, Mondays are spent watching football on television.
Thursday
No one shows up for work on Tuesdays, which is a day off.
He goes shopping or unwinds at home. He periodically prepares school lessons. Sometimes he visits the park.
He has dinner for his friends on Fridays.
Every Tuesday, he spends two hours playing Fustull. 
Let us talk about her, second:
She works as a teacher on Thursdays. She is awake from early in the morning until around 6:00 p.m.Thursday is the busiest day for her.
On Sundays, she attends worship and then joins her pals for dinner. Prior to the start of the week, she typically cleans on Sunday evening as well.
Monday. Given that she worked till 6:00 p.m., it is comparable to Thursday.
She will watch movies on TV, learning Japanese, and completing her assignments if she has free time.