They discuses Languages topic.
she reside in Canada. She is from Nigeria. She know Nigerian, French and English. 
todd was strgulling in lerning French as it seems it is totally diiferent in pronouncation .
Where word can have same spilling but not the same pronoucation.On the other hand she was fluent in french as she spoke french alot in Canda. 
She enjoys learning languages. In addtion, she speaks Yourba. It is local language where sh born. Not a lot of People interested in learn it as it is local.
He has proplem with jappanes and french as he was teaching lesoons to students in those 2 countries. He can not speak words that he see . 
So he asks her about recomended language that can fit his needs to speak what he sees .

grammer checker 
They discuss language topics.

She resides in Canada. She is from Nigeria. She knows Nigerian, French, and English. 

Todd was struggling in learning French, as it seems it is totally different in pronunciation.

Where words can have the same spelling but not the same pronunciation. On the other hand, she was fluent in French, as she spoke French a lot in Canada. 

She enjoys learning languages. In addition, she speaks Yoruba. It is the local language where she was born. Not a lot of people interested in learning it as it is local.

He has a problem with Japanese and French, as he was teaching lesoons to students in those 2 countries. He can not speak words that he sees. 

So he asks her about recommended language that can fit his needs to speak what he sees.


paraphrase checker
They address language-related topics.
She resides in Canada. Her origins are in Nigeria. She speaks English, French, and Nigerian. 
Todd struggled to learn French because the pronunciation appears to be completely different.
Where words may have the same spelling but not the same pronunciation. However, she spoke French frequently in Canada, so she was fluent in the language. 
She likes to take classes in languages. In addition, she speaks Yoruba. It is the local language in which she was born. Because it is local, few people are interested in learning it.
He has a problem with Japanese and French because he taught lessons to students from those two nations. 
Since he was teaching Lessons to pupils in Japan and France, he had trouble with both languages. He is unable to say words that he sees. 
So he asks her about recommended languages that can help him communicate what he sees.
