Todd and natalie were talking to each other about what are their likes
they were speaking about some topics as mentioned 
1st was colors where natalie like purple and todd too  she said all her clothes were in purple .
then asked her about her favorite food . she said it is pizza he agreed with her . do you like thick pizza or thin pizza ? 
thick pizza i  do not like because i do not like  eating too much but thin pizza with alot of topping  i love it do not make me feel so full  .what is your favorite topping ? 
i realy like salami ,pepperoni , chillies and sometimes bell pepper too;
then todd asked her ""what i syour favorite season she answered winter .ahh winter! Do you like winter ? ahh winter . i hate winter
i like snow a little bit but i hate cold weather . ahh cold weather is annoying but i love snowballs fight and skiing . 
3rd topic was about favorite sport natille say her favorite sport is tennis .interesting  , tennis , do you play tennis ? do you like singles or doubles? 
i take singles lessons currently . realy! do you play tennis ? yea i take lessons twice a week .
4th topic was "what is your favorite movie" ahh i dont like watching movies i like comedies .what is your favorite comedy ? ace ventura is very funny .
ace ventura ! it is very old . yea it is very old but it is classic and funny 

AFTER grammer check
Todd and Natalie were talking to each other about what are their likes are. 
They were speaking about some topics as mentioned. 1st was colors, 
where Natalie liked purple, and Todd too; she said all her clothes were in purple.
 then asked her about her favorite food. She said it is pizza; he agreed with her. 
Do you like thick pizza or thin pizza? Thick pizza I do not like because I do not like eating too much,
 but thin pizza with a lot of toppings I love; it does not make me feel so full. What is your favorite topping? 
I really like salami, pepperoni, chilies, and sometimes bell pepper too; then Todd asked her, 
""What is your favorite season? She answered, Winter.Ahh, winter! Do you like winter? I hate winter; I like snow a little bit,
 but I hate cold weather. Ahh, cold weather is annoying, but I love snowball fights and skiing. 3rd topic was about favorite sport Natalie
 says her favorite sport is tennis. Interesting. Tennis. Do you play tennis? Do you like singles or doubles? I take singles lessons currently. 
really! Do you play tennis? Yeah, I take lessons twice a week. 4th topic was "What is your favorite movie?" Ahh, I don't like watching movies; I like comedies. 
What is your favorite comedy? Ace Ventura is very funny. Ace Ventura! It is very old.It is like 20 years old. Yeah, it is very old, but it is classic and funny. 