My Raw Writing:

the spoke bout monthes holidays
January : 1st jan is the New Year day .
Febreuary: 14th feb is valantine day
March: st.patric day 
they get surpurised when knowing that it is not popular day in Ireland.
April : 1st apr is april's fool 
May : 5th mat they celebrate by eating mexican food.
June:  We have the first day of summer on 21th June.the longest day of the year
July: 4th jul is Independence day of America
Agust: It usally vaccasion month. Shcools are off.
september: We have Labor day in 1st sep.
October : when Halloween comes it is best holiday as they got presents and have a lot of fun
November:  we have Thanksgiving Day
December : 14th dec is her birth day. 25th dec is chritsmas day. we have also on 31th is New Year Eve.

After grammar Checker:
My Raw Writing:

the spoke about months of holidays

January: 1st Jan is New Year's Day.

February: 14th Feb is Valentine's Day.

March: St. Patrick's Day 

They get surprised when knowing that it is not a popular day in Ireland.

April: 1st Apr is April's fool. 

May 5th, they celebrate by eating Mexican food.

June: We have the first day of summer on 21st June. the longest day of the year

July: 4th of July is Independence Day in America.

August: It is usually vacation month. Schools are off.

September: We have Labor Day on 1st Sep.

October: When Halloween comes, it is the best holiday, as they got presents and have a lot of fun.

November: We have Thanksgiving Day.

December: 14th Dec is her birthday. 25th Dec is Christmas Day. We also have on the 31st New Year's Eve.

After grammar checker:

After paraphrase checker:

My Unpolished Writing: they discussed the months of vacation
January: New Year's Day falls on January 1st.
February: Valentine's Day falls on February 14.
St. Patrick's Day in March 
When they learn that it is not a popular day in Ireland, they are taken aback.
April: April Fool is April 1st. 
They celebrate by eating Mexican food on May 5.
June: June 21st marks the start of summer. The year's longest day
July: In America, July 4th is Independence Day.
August is typically a month of vacations. There are no classes today.
September: September 1st is Labor Day.
October: Since kids receive gifts and have a great time, Halloween is the best holiday.
November: Thanksgiving is coming up.
December: She was born on December 14th. Christmas Day is December 25. We also have New Year's Eve on the 31st.


After paraphrase Checker:


