My Raw Writing:
First day in school 
Natalie is a new teacher in the school.she meets Todd in her first day.they talk about how things are going in the school.
they begin talking about their day among class periods.her first period is Math and todd is the same ,second for her is French, but Todd is teaching jappanese he s not so owsome but he is the only teacher in schoold who speakis jappanse. she likes jappanse ,acording to that she asked him to teach her but he was sying he is not the best . Third is English for both of them their schedual is so simllar Todd was saying . Fourth is Physics for her but for Todd it was Math class .fifth period is sport she is the recharge for swimming class as she is good at swimming and not likes runnig ,in contrast , Todd is a fan of running he is a cross-country coach he runs with the students 5K meters each class.Both have teaching hours in sixth period. Todd tells her that some student come in this period to ask some question , but not too many of them come. He told her that things will be crazy for her in 1st week but thing are gonna be very easy in her 2nd or 3rd week.She asked him if he has free time to take her in tour in school. 

After grammar Checker:
First day in school 

Natalie is a new teacher in the school.She meets Todd on her first day. They talk about how things are going in the school.
They begin talking about their day among class periods. Her first period is math, and Todd is the same; second for her is French, but Todd is teaching Japanese. He is not so awesome, but he is the only teacher in school who speaks Japanese. She likes Japanese; according to that, she asked him to teach her, but he was saying he is not the best. Third is English for both of them; their schedule is so similar, Todd was saying. Fourth is Physics for her, but for Todd it was Math class. The fifth period is sports. She is the recharge for swimming class, as she is good at swimming and does not like running; in contrast, Todd is a fan of running. He is a cross-country coach. He runs with the students 5 kilometers each class. Both have teaching hours in the sixth period. Todd tells her that some students come in this period to ask some questions, but not too many of them come. He told her that things will be crazy for her in the 1st week, but things are going to be very easy in her 2nd or 3rd week. She asked him if he has free time to take her on a tour in school. 

After paraphrase Checker:

The first day of classes 
Natalie is the school's newest instructor.On her first day, she meets Todd. They discuss the state of affairs at the institution.
They start discussing their class sessions during the day. She and Todd both take arithmetic in the first period, and French in the second, although Todd teaches Japanese. Although he is the sole Japanese-speaking instructor at the school, he is not particularly great.    She begged him to teach her Japanese because she enjoys it, but he said he wasn't the best. For both of them, English comes in third; Todd mentioned how similar their schedules are. For her, the fourth subject is physics, whereas for Todd, it was math. 
Sports take place in the sixth period. Since she is good at swimming and dislikes running, she is the recharge for swimming class whereases  Todd, on the other hand, loves running. He coaches cross-country athletes. Every lesson, he runs five kilometers with the pupils. Both have sixth-period instructional hours. Although hardly many students arrive, Todd informs her that some do come during this time to ask questions. He informed her that although the first week would be chaotic for her, the second or third week would be rather easy. She wanted to know whether he had time to show her around the campus. 

